the political rally at the river state
government house held today despite the
earlier challenges the leaders of the
all progressives Congress the APC
through an open invitation to the people
of river state to join and support the
parties the interim chairman of the
party she's busy aquantive the national
leader of the party bola tinubu and the
former head of state general of muhammad
pahari all assured the gathering that
the APC is the party of the moment this
is the party of the progressives is the
party of the colleges is the party of
the fighters for democracy and not these
we have seen in governor rotimi amaechi
I we know it's all these qualities are
in abundance in the river state and we
think we will not go home without asking
you we will not go home without asking
you through him to please come and join
the APC please distinguished ladies and
gentlemen we come to solicit you know
for your coming to join the pc i know
poor record i know reverse take and I
know ruta maya meet you i know that is a
progressive solid progressive i know
that is a visionary ever says it was all
speaker is led so many amendment to the
Constitution and the unity of natural
speakers vu room
I was performed extremely well I with no
this country cannot be progress cannot
develop on the edges of intimidation
Erasmus allies